What do you want?
Oh, dear.
I heard that this Si Shao has a good relationship with the Li family
Can you make Si Shao in front of the Li family?
Say a few nice words
Let the Li family continue to cooperate with us
Or let Si Shao cooperate with us
Can't do it
Grandpa
Dad worked so hard to raise you so big
Now the company is in trouble
Can you stand by and watch?
The person who raised me was my grandmother
Have you paid a penny over the years?
Come back and see me
Dad has been busy making money
It's really involuntary, you just
Let me know if you need help
Thank you, Mr. Su.
Nonsense, this damn girl is really an Aries brain
We raised him for so many years
He doesn't care about old relationships at all
I told you.
Let you be nice to him at ordinary times
Don't be so embarrassed?
Okay now, just be nice to him
If there is a problem now, you can return it to me.
Bai Zhenghan, are you still a man?
you
Mom
Don't be angry, sister, there will definitely be a way.
Aegean
Mrs. Wang, why are you here?
Please take a seat
Yaoyao haha
Aegean
You and Zhenhai are too low-key, right?
This far
Winning second place in the National Piano Competition
Don't you tell me
It's so big that it's hidden, isn't it?